#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
apache-beam[gcp]==2.59.0
    # via -r requirements/dataflow_extras.txt
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backports-cached-property==1.0.2 ; python_version <= "3.8"
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via tzlocal
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via bs4
bleach==6.0.0
    # via readme-renderer
bs4==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
build==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-auth
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via pip-tools
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via apache-beam
coverage[toml]==7.2.7
    # via pytest-cov
crcmod==1.7
    # via apache-beam
db-dtypes==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/bigquery_extras.txt
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
dill==0.3.1.1
    # via apache-beam
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via pymongo
docopt==0.6.2
    # via hdfs
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
docutils==0.20.1
    # via readme-renderer
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via pytest
fastavro==1.7.4
    # via apache-beam
fasteners==0.18
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-apitools
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.21.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-apitools==0.5.31
    # via apache-beam
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.70.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-bigquery==3.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/bigquery_extras.txt
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.20.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-bigtable==2.26.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-datastore==2.15.2
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-dlp==3.12.1
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-language==2.10.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-pubsub==2.17.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
google-cloud-pubsublite==1.7.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-recommendations-ai==0.10.3
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.12.5
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-spanner==3.36.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-storage==2.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-videointelligence==2.11.2
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-vision==3.4.3
    # via apache-beam
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.59.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.6
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
grpcio==1.54.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.48.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
hdfs==2.7.0
    # via apache-beam
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-apitools
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
idna==3.4
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==6.7.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   twine
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   keyring
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jaraco-classes==3.2.3
    # via keyring
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
js2py==0.74
    # via apache-beam
jsonpickle==3.3.0
    # via apache-beam
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via apache-beam
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
keyring==24.0.0
    # via twine
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
lxml==4.9.2
    # via unittest-xml-reporting
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==9.1.0
    # via jaraco-classes
numpy==1.21.6
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   db-dtypes
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   shapely
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via google-apitools
objsize==0.6.1
    # via apache-beam
orjson==3.10.7
    # via apache-beam
overrides==6.5.0
    # via google-cloud-pubsublite
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   build
    #   db-dtypes
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pytest
pandas==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/bigquery_extras.txt
    #   db-dtypes
parameterized==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pip-tools==6.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
pkginfo==1.9.6
    # via twine
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==4.25.5
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest-html
pyarrow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   db-dtypes
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via apache-beam
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pydot==1.4.2
    # via apache-beam
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pyjsparser==2.7.1
    # via js2py
pymongo==4.3.3
    # via apache-beam
pyparsing==3.1.0
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   pydot
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pytest==7.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-github-actions-annotate-failures
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-github-actions-annotate-failures==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-html==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-metadata==3.0.0
    # via pytest-html
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   freezegun
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via responses
readme-renderer==37.3
    # via twine
redis==5.1.1
    # via apache-beam
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.6.3
    # via apache-beam
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   hdfs
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
responses==0.23.1
    # via -r requirements.in
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==13.4.2
    # via twine
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
shapely==2.0.6
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/bigquery_extras.txt
    #   bleach
    #   google-apitools
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   hdfs
    #   js2py
    #   oauth2client
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via google-cloud-spanner
tblib==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
toml==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   pyproject-hooks
    #   pytest
twine==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.10
    # via responses
typing-extensions==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   annotated-types
    #   apache-beam
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich
tzlocal==5.2
    # via js2py
unittest-xml-reporting==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   twine
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
wheel==0.40.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pip-tools
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via deprecated
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
zstandard==0.21.0
    # via apache-beam

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
